a stolen car Bennett came to a police
station to report someone had stolen his
car that had been parked right in front
of his house a police detective asked
him how it had happened well I was
repairing a door on the second floor I
was drilling new holes for the lock and
listening to my favorite tracks through
headphones suddenly I heard weird sounds
coming from the street I ran up to the
window and saw my car driving away the
police detective knew right away Bennett
had made the whole story up how did he
figure it out
if Bennett had been wearing headphones
and drilling at that he wouldn't have
heard any noise from outside who's
guilty
Emma rushed into the house I came as
soon as I got the news she exclaimed
after noticing a police officer our kids
and I were at my parents house in the
countryside what happened to my husband
I'm afraid someone hit mr. white on the
head he was taken to a hospital and I've
questioned the suspects the driver said
boss sent me to his business partner to
get some important documents the cook
was annoyed I couldn't leave the kitchen
whatsoever
mr. white gave me just a couple of hours
to prepare dinner for the whole family
the maid was upset I didn't hear
anything I was cleaning the house all
day long in the evening I was so tired
that I went straight to bed
the detective figured out who the
culprit was in no time and you
[Music]
it was the cook mr. White's wife and
kids were out of town there was no need
to cook for the whole family all dry
five men were fishing in a boat not far
from the shore a big wave turn the boat
over and all the men fell into the water
and still not a single man got wet how
come all the men were happily married
you know not single bizarre pricing Alex
entered a hardware store to buy
something for his house he asked the
shop assistant how much will one cost
the woman thought and said four dollars
and how much will fifteen cost it'll be
eight dollars confused Alex said and
what if I want to buy 333 it would be 12
dollars what was Alex choosing
[Music]
the man was buying house numbers a
public library plan one day a public
library made a strange announcement each
member could borrow as many books as
they wanted and didn't have to return
them for the next half a year why
[Music]
the library was moving to a new building
but they didn't have enough money
because of bad budgeting and this way
the borrowers would move most of the
books by themselves that's smart
a car accident mark was driving to an
important business meeting he was in a
hurry since he was running a bit late
that's when he got into a car accident
his car was ok but the other driver
crashed into a tree luckily he wasn't
injured they called the police when
police officers arrived Mark told them
his side of the story
I was driving fast but carefully
suddenly a car pulled out in front of
him I managed to avoid the collision but
this guy hit the tree when he saw my
expensive car he started to blame me for
the entire accident because it was your
fault
I was driving slowly enough talking to
my wife about our next vacation and then
you appeared out of nowhere
the police officers understood who was
responsible for the accident can you
figure it out too
[Music]
[Applause]
it was the other driver he was alone in
his car it means he was talking to his
wife on the phone
which is illegal oh very very bad
trapped in a pyramid
Justin was an archaeologist who explored
ancient pyramids once something went
wrong and he got locked in a tiny room
deep underground
Justin had got into the room through a
narrow passage which was almost
immediately blocked by a rockslide there
was only one other door and it was
locked to open it the guy had to solve a
riddle and enter the correct four-digit
code a mg F hmm H v MZ j hmm t what code
should Justin enter
[Music]
[Applause]
each digit of the code is the number of
letters in the alphabet that stand
between the letters in the riddle so the
code is 5 1 3 9 no choice
one guy was going to Disneyland at one
point he arrived at a crossroads
there was a sign there blue Ville right
Disneyland left the guy stood there for
a while and then terribly upset
he went home why he thought Disneyland
had really left a jailbreak a man is in
a jail and the jail is on an island the
man can't swim
but one day he manages to escape he uses
no boat or anything else that could help
him to get to the mainland there is also
no bridge connecting the island with the
continent how did he do it
[Music]
[Applause]
the man escaped in the winter when the
water around the island was frozen he
simply walked away on Ives a red car
Steven was driving to work when he
realized he had left a folder with
important documents at home it was about
9:00 a.m. when he entered his house at
the same moment he heard glass breaking
and saw a man leaving through the back
door and running to a red car Steven
could only see several numbers on its
license plate he called the police and
told him everything that had happened
they didn't waste time and went to look
for the guy after searching for 10
minutes they spotted a similar looking
car near a cafe when they entered the
place there was only one customer there
one of the police officers came up to
them is it your car where were you 20
minutes ago the customer answered yes
the cars mine but I've been sitting here
for more than an hour the police officer
immediately arrested him why
[Applause]
the cafe only opens at 9:00 a.m. the guy
couldn't have spent an hour there locked
in one day
Julia was sunbathing in the park and
accidentally fell asleep she woke up in
a strange room with three doors yes
there's always three never two or five
there were some random objects lying
around
bricks empty bottles ropes and even a
barrel there was also a note on the wall
behind one of these doors there's a
staircase that leads to freedom you
don't want to know what's lurking behind
the other two doors Julia got really
frightened luckily she figured out what
to do really fast and got out in no time
what did she do
she dragged the barrel toward each of
the doors climbed on it and checked
whether the staircase was there when she
spotted it she was free a fruit market a
man came to a fruit market to sell
melons after he sold half of them and
half of a melon he saw he had one melon
left how many melons did he bring to the
market
[Applause]
[Music]
he came there with three melons who did
it
Maria was getting ready for her date
everything had to be perfect but once
she decided to take a shower she found
out the bathroom was occupied it was
probably one of her sisters the girl
decided to pick an outfit not to waste
time soon Maria noticed the bathroom was
empty but as soon as she turned the
shower on and started washing her hair
she saw the water was red it was a prank
someone had added paint to the
showerhead Maria questioned her sisters
Rose said I was in my room studying for
a math exam and Ashley explained I was
in the shower right before you I even
washed my hair and everything was okay
Maria immediately realized who had
played a trick on her can you
[Applause]
[Music]
it was Ashley look at her if she was in
the shower just minutes before why is
her hair dry and nicely styled an empty
safe Ellen called his friend Milo a
private detective and asked him to come
as soon as possible when Milo arrived at
Allen's office he saw everything was
upside down with papers all over the
place and furniture broken I entered my
office saw this and immediately called
you Allen's voice was trembling I hope
they haven't stolen the company money
and important documents Alain rushed to
his safe with a key in his hand it's the
only existing key to this safe he
inserted the key in the lock and opened
the door the safe was empty
while Milo was looking around Allen was
thinking aloud I have this new guy
Robert I'm almost sure he's a spy sent
by my competitors he could break into my
safe to steal very important documents
Milo turned to his friend why exactly do
you want to frame that innocent guy
how did Milo figure it out
there's only one key to the safe and
Alan has it if the employee had broken
into the safe he wouldn't be able to
lock it again colorful houses an orange
house is made out of orange bricks a
yellow house is made out of yellow
stones a blue house is made out of blue
logs what is a green house made of
[Applause]
[Music]
it's made out of glass of course bye-bye
you